car
me
Ah ah ah ah
Hello Be the first to start a guitar in super easy guitar Mon lecture Hiroshi was after the Kamina of
is
This time I will talk about the theme of the timing of code change
Though we told way of the three faint lokes most often used in last program
It's time to get a goal change way
It would be nice if I could do a code change in an instant, but it is quite difficult in the beginning
is
Not say so
When to change code
When switching the code
We will tell today that the successful or
First of all, it's not a code change in an instant, but rather a code in front of you
Change
It is to say
Specifically, for example, when changing code from c to d
is not it
I'm doing with power cord
c of the end of a sentence to better it'll move to the step of d
I will ask you
ni
Did you understand
I have pulled it one more time
Also Nde to La at the last up of the Jean Ja Jean Well then Chanko of up
I'm starting to lucy to green
Still
So uncomfortable
I do not think it
In other words , if you don't care about that pansy
It is said that I put it a little in front
It is a knack of code change
Because the first note is more important than the last one
The fact that the first sound want to play as clean as possible
Is it
So , this time it was a very simple content, but please try it as a reference
tai
This show draws together the image of the future
We sent by offer of mp